(cheerful music)
CSS in React can be approached
in a number of different ways so let's take a look
at some of the different options that we have.
So first of all, you might already have
an existing website which you're integrating React into,
and if that's the case, you likely already have
an existing build process and an existing CSS
way that you like to write your CSS.
So, if that was the case,
then you would just open up your indexed HTML
or whatever application has this mounting point
that we talked about earlier,
and you just stick a link tag in there
and you have style.css, then the CSS in that CSS file
is going to be applied to any classes and tags
that get rendered out to the page.
Another option, and this is often called Componentized CSS
or Inline-CSS, and the idea behind this is
rather than writing a big CSS file or maybe writing
multiple SAZ files that compile into one,
well, what people will do is they will import the CSS
directly into a component
that only relates with that component.
So, maybe I've got some CSS
that applies to my store selector and styles in h2,
and styles the button and the input,
then I would just simply import it into this component
and that will sort of tightly couple the CSS
with the actual component that gets rendered out.
So, those are sort of the two options,
there's lots of opinions on either side
as to which way people like
and I'm not going to really step in there because
it's a bit more of an advanced topic
and I will be covering that in my advanced React.
So I'm gonna show you how to
import CSS directly into our index.js file
which is going to get applied to the entire application.
Then, in a future video, I'm gonna show you how to
compile some CSS, so if you are looking to use
something like SAZ or stylus
and you wanna apply it to this application,
we're gonna look at how we do it
and that's gonna happen in the animation video.
So, all we really need to do here is,
I have a style.CSS file for you
and it's already compiled,
again we're gonna come back to compiling that
in a future video, you simply just need to
import and then we need to go into the current folder
and then there's a CSS folder and inside of that
we have a style.css file and because we are
set up on create react app, and again,
create react app under the hood
will do all the web-pack config for us,
the webpack config is smart enough to know that
this is obviously not a Javascript file,
so what it's going to do is it's going to
load in the CSS, stick it into a style tag,
and then anytime we make any changes to this CSS,
it's gonna automatically do that hot reloading thing
or it will change it for us.
Now, when we compile it for production and all that,
then we are going to kick out a separate .css file
and we'll look at that much later in this course
of when we have it.
So that's pretty much it, we just import the CSS,
then it gets applied and you can see
that this stuff is starting to look a lot better.